#summary How to build the library

= Building PDFium=

==Prerequisites==
Install Python, Subversion, and Git and make sure they're in your path.

==Get the code==
{{{
git clone https://pdfium.googlesource.com/pdfium

cd pdfium
}}}


Now checkout a few projects that are needed to build.

First is [https://code.google.com/p/gyp/ GYP], which generates platform-specific build files from the gyp and gypi files.
{{{
svn co http://gyp.googlecode.com/svn/trunk build/gyp
}}}

Then the [https://code.google.com/p/v8/ V8] JavaScript engine which is used to evaluate script embedded in PDFs.
{{{
svn co http://v8.googlecode.com/svn/trunk v8
}}}

V8 depends on the ICU internationalization library. We fetch it from Chromium's repository.
{{{
svn co https://src.chromium.org/chrome/trunk/deps/third_party/icu46 v8/third_party/icu
}}}

For *Windows only*, we also need a Cygwin checkout which is used to generate some source files by V8:
{{{
svn co http://src.chromium.org/svn/trunk/deps/third_party/cygwin@231940 v8/third_party/cygwin
}}}


==Generate the build files==
*NOTE* this step is still in review and hasn't landed yet.

Now we use the GYP library to generate the build files.

At this point, you have two options. The first is to generate platform-specific build files, i.e. make files on Linux, sln files on Windows, and xcodeproj files on Mac.

On Windows:
{{{
build\gyp_pdfium
}}}
For all other platforms:
{{{
build/gyp_pdfium
}}}

If you want to use the [http://martine.github.io/ninja/ Ninja] build system instead, set the GYP_GENERATORS environment variable to 'ninja' before running the above command.


==Building the code==
If you used Ninja, you can build the sample program by:
{{{
ninja -C out/Debug pdfium_test
}}}

If you're not using Ninja, then building is platform-specific.

On Linux:
{{{
make pdfium_test
}}}

On Mac, open build/all.xcodeproj

On Windows, open build\all.sln